This directory contains a Common Lisp version of RRL.

The following files and subdirectories are provided:

README:          This file.
code:            The directory in which RRL's source files reside.
init.lsp:        A lisp file; a duplicate of this file is in code.
induc:           The directory which contains examples of RRL's command files for using
                    the cover set induction.
TEST.cmd:        The input file for testing RRL.
TEST.time:       The time statistics of testing RRL.

1. How to install RRL:

At first, use an editor to modify the variable *rrl-directory*
in init.lsp.  For example if the code is in "/usa/rrl", 
you must modify *rrl-directory* as follows:
  (defvar *rrl-directory* "/usa/rrl/") 
After this is done, you may copy this file into "code" or any directory
you wish to run RRL.

To load and compile RRL, enter your Common Lisp and then type:
     (load "init.lsp")   ; to load the RRL code if your lisp cannot load 
                         ; this file automatically.
     (start)             ; to start RRL.

If you have a lot of disk-space (4 Meg or so) you can
save an image of RRL using (save "File-name") in KCL.
But loading the files takes only a couple of minutes.

2. How to test RRL:

Suppose your lisp is akcl. The following unix command can be used to test RRL:
     % akcl < TEST.cmd > TEST.out &
The output is in file TEST.out.

If your common lisp cannot the file "init.lsp" automatically, you have to add the line
     (load "init.lsp")
in the file "TEST.cmd".

To compare the cpu times of your lisp on your machine with akcl on Sun sparc 1 and 2,
you may type 
   % grep "cumul" TEST.out > mytime
and compare mytime with TEST.time.

See also the file README.exp in the directory "induc".

3. How to run RRL:

This step is the same as loading RRL. You have to load RRL's code in
a Common Lisp and then type (start).

Some on-line helps are provided; the best way to use RRL is to look at
examples provided in "induc".

If you wish to use RRL from some other directory than where
this code is, copy init.lsp into the directory you wish to work.

When using RRL, if it ever breaks and goes back to Lisp top-level,
use (rrl) or (init) to get back to RRL.

4. Report bugs of RRL:

Please send anything regarding rrl to  
       hzhang@cs.uiowa.edu.


Thank you very much for your interests,

Hantao Zhang


